Go ahead, feel my shirt. It's made of boyfriend material!
If you were a Transformer you'd be Optimus Fine!
Do you believe in love at first sight? Or should I walk past you again?
I'm learning about important dates in history. Wanna be one of them?
I seem to have lost my phone number. Can I have yours?
Are you a parking ticket? Cause you've got fine written all over you!
Did you invent the airplane? Because you seem Wright for me!
I was wondering if you had an extra heart. Because mine was just stolen!
Can I follow you where you're going right now? Cause my parents always told me to follow my dreams!
Are you Siri? Because you autocomplete me!
I hope you know CPR, because you are taking my breath away!
If I had four quarters to give to the four prettiest women in the world, you would have a dollar!
Let me guess, your middle name is Gillette, right? Because you're the best a man can get!
Your eyes are bluer than the Atlantic ocean. And I don't mind being lost at sea!
If you were a burger at McDonald's, you'd be named the McGorgeous!
Are you a camera? Because every time I look at you, I smile!
Is there an airport nearby, or was that just my heart taking off?
Are you a loan? 'Cause you've got my interest!
I'm in the mood for pizza. A pizza you, that is!
Are you a 45-degree angle? Because you're a cutie!
You're so sweet, you'd put Hershey's out of business!
If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?
If you were a phaser on Star Trek, you'd be set to stun!
Do you have a name? Or can I call you mine?
Is your name Google? Because you have everything I've been searching for.
Have you been covered in bees recently? I just assumed, because you look sweeter than honey.
There must be something wrong with my eyes. I can't take them off you.
Are you from Tennessee? Because you're the only Ten I See.
You must be a campfire. Because you're super hot and I want s'more.
My buddies bet me that I wouldn't be able to start a conversation with the most beautiful person in the club. What should we do with their money?
Well, here I am. What are your other two wishes for the genie?
Remember me? Oh, that's right, I've only met you in my dreams.
You must be made of cheese. Because you're looking Gouda tonight!
I'm glad I remembered to bring my library card. 'Cause I am totally checking you out!
If you were a vegetable, you would be a cute-cumber!
I'm no mathematician, but I'm pretty good with numbers. Tell you what, give me yours and watch what I can do with it.
Are you a time traveler? Because I see you in my future!
If you and I were socks, we'd make a great pair!
Do you work at Dick's? Because you're sporting the goods!
Are your parents bakers? Because you're a cutie pie!
Aside from being drop-dead gorgeous, what do you do for a living?
Hey, my name's Microsoft. Can I crash at your place?
Kiss me if I'm wrong. But dinosaurs still exist, right?
You owe me a drink. Because when I looked at you, I dropped mine!
Want a raisin? No? Well, how about a date?
You must be a high test score. Because I want to take you home and show you to my mother.
I may not be a photographer. But I can totally picture us together.
You must be a magician. Because any time I look at you, everyone else disappears.
Was your dad a boxer? Because you're a knockout!
I think you're suffering from a lack of vitamin me.
I want our love to be like the number Pi: irrational and never-ending.
Is your name Ariel? Cause we Mermaid for each other.
If you were words on a page you'd be the fine print.
I'm writing a term paper on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you.
You are the reason even Santa has a naughty list.
Where have I seen you before? Oh yeah, I remember now. It was in the dictionary next to the word GORGEOUS!
Don't tell me if you want me to take you out to dinner. Just smile for yes, or do a backflip/somersault/counter-spin gymnastics combination for no.
I wasn't always religious. But I am now, because you're the answer to all my prayers.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put 'I' and 'U' together.
You must be exhausted. You've been running through my mind all day.